Update Node.js requirement in CONTRIBUTING.md (#7550)
jenkinsci/jenkins: CONTRIBUTING.md

   - Apache Maven 3.8.1 or above. You can [download Maven here](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi).
     In the Jenkins project we usually use the most recent Maven release.
   - Any IDE which supports importing Maven projects.
   - Install [Node.js 18.x](https://nodejs.org/en/). **Note:** only needed to work on the frontend assets found in the `war` module.

>      - Frontend tasks are run using [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/). Run `npm install -g yarn` to install it.

Reviewer: Accoring to the [docs](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install#install-corepack) it should be installed with corepack:

```suggestion
     - Frontend tasks are run using [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/). Run `corepack enable` to install corepack as the recommended way and afterwards `corepack prepare yarn@stable --activate` to install yarn.
```

Reviewer 2: `corepack enable` from the war directory should be all that's needed as the version is defined in the package.json https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/blob/f0952735b523ff5af6aab3f0a7b214964b5a16a9/war/package.json#L68

Reviewer: Oh, that is nice. I was not aware of that -  tested it and it works fine

   - Apache Maven 3.8.1 or above. You can [download Maven here](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi).
     In the Jenkins project we usually use the most recent Maven release.
   - Any IDE which supports importing Maven projects.
   - Install [NodeJS 16.x](https://nodejs.org/en/). **Note:** only needed to work on the frontend assets found in the `war` module.

>      - Frontend tasks are run using [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/). Run `npm install -g yarn` to install it.

Reviewer 2: it is needed for the `Building frontend assets` section though I think. the maven frontend node / yarn won't be in the users path.

Author: I see, thought people would build Jenkins first, before doing anything else particularly.

Quickly changed the purpose of this PR then :P
